Display the magnitude of linear and rotationnal speed (#3209)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/changelog-r2021.md

    - Add an example that shows an integration of OpenAI Gym with Webots ([#2711](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2711)).
    - Added a simple room with a Nao robot ([#2701](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2701)).
  - New Features:

>     - Display magnitude of velocity/rotational speed vectors, to help monitoring robot displacement ([#3209](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/3209)).

Reviewer: This is an enhancement and not a new major feature. Could you please move it in the `Enhancements` section?
Moreover we should use the correct terminology as displayed in the UI:
```suggestion
    - Display magnitude of linear and rotational velocity vectors in the [Field Editor](../guide/the-scene-tree.md#field-editor), to help monitoring robot displacement ([#3209](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/3209)).
```
